Add a warning to `README.md` about repository status (#39)
teloxide/teloxide-macros: README.md

> **Warning**
> 

> > This repository used to contain source code for [`teloxide-macros`] crate.
> > We've later decided to move everything into a single repository, namely [`teloxide/teloxide`], to ease development/maintaining process.
> > To file issues, make PRs or view current developments go to [`teloxide/teloxide`] repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This repository used to contain source code for the [`teloxide-macros`] crate.
> We've later decided to move everything into a single repository, namely [`teloxide/teloxide`], to ease the development/maintenance process.
> To file issues, make PRs, or view current developments, go to the [`teloxide/teloxide`] repository.
```
